Also available in: [한국어](README-KOR.md)

# GathererMod
GathererMod adds a new character for Slay The Spire, The Gatherer. Contains 75 cards and 8 relics, excluding token cards generated by others.

The main focus of The Gatherer is the Potion. She has a potion Sack which can hold 3 "lesser" potions. The contents of the sack are gone at the end of each combat, so it's better to use them all. Especially when there are powers that care about using potions.

Other themes: Cards care about 2+ Cost cards, Unique cards, on-obtain effect card, relatively large deck with some control.

* Requires ModTheSpire and BaseMod.
* Also you need StSLib(https://github.com/kiooeht/StSLib/releases) to play this mod!

## Gameplay
### Potion Sack
The character's main mechanic, Potion Sack, can hold 3 Lesser Potions. Lesser Potions are weaker version of regular Potions, and you can use them just like normal potions, or keyboard shortcut. Lesser Potions are gone at the end of the combat, so don't hesitate to use them!

### Others
- Cards care about Unique cards in your deck.
- Once/Twice effect on some cards only activate once/twice in a combat.
- Flower cards which can be upgraded 3 times, and their 3rd upgrade is special.
- There are few subthemes like doing things when you obtain cards, cards caring about your HP, or cards caring about expensive cards in your hand.

## Current State and Goal
GathererMod is released v1.0. All cards are implemented. All arts are "final", although I'm not 100% satisfied with them.

- Cards: 75
- Relics: 8
- Events: 1

Everything is Gatherer-exclusive.

As a goal, I want the Gatherer to have similar power level with base game characters or slightly weaker. I also what the Gatherer to have many different types of strategies. I don't care about having all of them same power level though, I just want them to be fun enough and unique from each other.

## Card List
[Card List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lqM3_SZPbZmpRcrl7bdWGwzwWkMaDh5uXqxn00kuqPg/edit?usp=sharing)

## Credits
- Celicath (https://github.com/Celicath) - Overall design, programming, "art" and maintainer
- MappyTheKat (https://mappythekat.blog.me/) - Character select screen art

## Special Thanks To
- Devs of Slay The Spire, BaseMod and ModTheSpire
- #modding-technical in Slay the Spire discord was fun.

## License
- All code is in MIT license.
- Arts are complicated. The character select screen art is drawn by Rita-B, who also did the ZHS translation. Other arts are mixed of base game art, googled images, drawn by me (mostly with simple shapes), or modified version of Rita-B's prototype art. I don't mind if someone uses art drawn by me, but I can't say anything to other types of art.

## Contacts
- Celicath@gmail.com
- celicath#3192 at Discord
